docs: Improve Slack Action Documentation (#142)
scrapinghub/spidermon: docs/source/configuring-slack-for-spidermon.rst

> .. _steps:

Reviewer: These anchors are global. You should use an ID that can be understood from anywhere in the documentation, e.g. `configuring-slack`, `slack-bot`…

Author: Implemeted.

====================================

> Configure Slack bot for Spidermon

Reviewer: :lipstick: 

```suggestion
Configuring a Slack bot for Spidermon
```

Author: Implemented.

> ====================================

Reviewer: It’s important that the equal signs here match the length of the title. I believe the documentation build fails otherwise.

Author: Counted and trimmed.

Reviewer: It’s actually 1 character too long, however I checked and the documentation build does not seem to care. Maybe when there are equal signs both above and below it’s not an issue.

What are bots?
==============

A bot is a type of Slack App designed to interact with users via conversation.

> To work with Slack Actions, you will need a Slack bot which would send notification to your Slack workplace from Spidermon.

Reviewer: I think it would be great to link [Slack actions](https://spidermon.readthedocs.io/en/latest/actions.html#slack-action) to the corresponding Spidermon topic. Also, you might want to mention [Slack notifications](https://spidermon.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting-started.html#slack-notifications) as well.

Steps
=====

.. note:

>     You would need to be leader of Slack workplace for which you are trying to create a bot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You must be a leader of the target Slack workplace.
```
- ‘a leader’ → ‘the leader’ if there can be only one leader.
- It would be great if ‘leader’ could link to Slack documentation about making someone a leader of a workplace, or at least general documentation about Slack leaders. Similarly, ‘Slack workplace’ should point to documentation that explains what a Slack workplace is, or how to create one.
- I haven’t seen the work ‘leader’ in the Slack documentation. We should use the precise wording they use in Slack. Admin? Owner?

Author: Old documentation for Slack bots refer admins to be leaders, that's where I picked it up from. 
Changed to admins, and added links.

> 1. `Create Slack bot <https://get.slack.help/hc/en-us/articles/115005265703-Create-a-bot-for-your-workspace>`_ by following the steps listed on the link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `Create a Slack bot <https://get.slack.help/hc/en-us/articles/115005265703-Create-a-bot-for-your-workspace>`_ .
```

I think the last part is implied. If you are told to do something, and ‘do something’ is a link, you should expect that link to help you ‘do something’.

Author: Was just being descriptive.

> 1. `Create Slack bot <https://get.slack.help/hc/en-us/articles/115005265703-Create-a-bot-for-your-workspace>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `Create a Slack bot <https://get.slack.help/hc/en-us/articles/115005265703-Create-a-bot-for-your-workspace>`_.
```

> 2. Once bot is installed, you can find Bot User OAuth Access Token in the settings. This `Bot User OAuth Access Token` is what we use for `SPIDERMON_SLACK_SENDER_TOKEN`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Once your bot is installed, find your `Bot User OAuth Access Token` in your bot settings. Your `Bot User OAuth Access Token` is what you use for ``SPIDERMON_SLACK_SENDER_TOKEN`` (see below).
```
- Is ‘installed’ meant to be a synonym of ‘created’? If so, it’s better to be consistent with our vocabulary. Otherwise, maybe the previous step should say “Create and install”, or there should be an intermediate step about installing.

Author: Very crucial. Thanks for this. 
Constant vocab ++

> 3. Lastly, add Slack credentials to your Scrapy project's settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Lastly, add your Slack credentials to your Scrapy project's settings.
```

> 2. Once bot is created, you can find Bot User OAuth Access Token in its settings. This `Bot User OAuth Access Token` is what we use for `SPIDERMON_SLACK_SENDER_TOKEN`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Once your bot is created, you can find Bot User OAuth Access Token in its settings. This `Bot User OAuth Access Token` is what we use for ``SPIDERMON_SLACK_SENDER_TOKEN``.
```

Author: Tick
